Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !"
"I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me ."
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers
He is a pathetic little chimp .
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !
"Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth ."
"I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand ."
May they all get mad cow disease .
"Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?"
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
I hope they all starve .
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .
"He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) ."
"He walks upright , and has human arms and legs ."
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .
Black ``women''on London transport ...
"If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon ."
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !
"Pathological killers , they are ."
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .
The Jew represents the snake .
All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease
"I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals ."
Separation is the only answer !
While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...
"i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !"
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .
"Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?"
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .
"Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers ."
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex
"The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood ."
"Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !"
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .
"unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs"
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
"What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me ."
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'
"Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing ."
"Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever ."
"Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority ."
"Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have ."
Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones
"All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians ."
"Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists ."
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .
"DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ?"
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .
"BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country ."
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .
"Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe ."
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .
"Exactly, they want us to lay down and die ."
"By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people ."
"The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that ."
"Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind ."
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''
"It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position ."
"They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest ."
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .
The Black race is yet to invent any kind of civilization .
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .
"The White race is best because when the Creator made Whites , He made them better than He made the other races ."
"Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ...."
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .
"We need to deport all nonwhites immediately , that or stop letting more in and sterilize the ones here , that will fix the problem ."
"I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate ."
"Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children ."
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?
"Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not ."
"Dude stink bomb this event , when it gets dark , chuck a bunch of them on the floor , different spots , when the chimps start jiving and grooving , they will step on them ."
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .
"We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !"
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .
"I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax ."
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .
"They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel ."
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .
"Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon ."
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?
"There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab."
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .
"Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking ."
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .
"All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews"
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !
Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing .
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .
"We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum ."
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .
"Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals ."
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .
"just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again"
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women
"somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !"
"they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?"
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508
"I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole !"
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .
"Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority ."
"I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ..."
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .
"The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva ."
May they be put away for good .
We do n't need such scum .
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued
"If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening ."
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .
"Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want ."
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?
Back to where ya came from !
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran
"Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society ."
"The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it ."
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .
"that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending"
It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim .
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .
"I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman ."
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .
We do not want `` assimilation '' .
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .
"**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria"
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .
"The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone ."
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .
"Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts ."
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .
"Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker ."
"oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet ."
"Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so ."
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .
"Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible ."
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t
"The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) ."
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .
"I am not going to be beat down by a dyke , fag , or coon ."
"Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world ."
"Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently ."
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .
"You weather the zionist storm well , my brother ."
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .
Lying Marxists !
"Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !"
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !
"No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever ."
"The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way ."
"There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax"
"If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !"
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .
"Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end ."
Hell to have a teacher like this .
"This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no `` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing ."
"You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot ."
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .
"Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new host , to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture"
Marxist Subversion happened .
Break them up .
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .
"Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry ."
"ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ..."
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack
"its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white"
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .
"Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA ."
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?
"It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography ."
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .
"I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me ."
"Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again ."
"I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house ."
"It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy ."
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
Blacks hate whites .
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .
"See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground ."
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .
"Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert ."
"As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war ."
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .
"And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order ."
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .
"It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool ."
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !
More impulsive Negro stripping ...
"More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants"
"I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis ."
"France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long ."
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .
"When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones ."
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..
"But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash ."
"A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community ."
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .
"Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten ."
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .
"They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though ."
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88
"Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !"
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .
"And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ..."
"But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO ."
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .
"My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded ."
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .
"We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true ."
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .
"The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum .."
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this
"Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !"
"YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization"
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .
"I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future ."
"Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh"
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .
"I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool ."
"I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars ."
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .
"These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us"
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .
"The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain ."
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics !
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .
There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them .
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .
"Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do ."
"This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday ."
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .
"They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa ."
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
"Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder ."
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .
"These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them ."
"Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !"
"if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol ."
"In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA ."
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .
"If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it ."
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .
"Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders"
"Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered ."
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
"As a nation , we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a zero tolerance policy for those here illegally ."
"Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing ."
It 's just the way they are .
- White GeNOcide Project
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
"And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost ."
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home
"When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense ."
"I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell ."
The race traitors sicken me too .
"I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t ."
"Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all ."
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .
"Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort ."
"All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here"
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!
"They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ...."
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .
"The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use ."
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .
"Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !"
"Back when I was a kid , even the black folks called them that .... `` Ooohhh I' z cai n't wait until Crimusz , I' z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ' Crimusz , an ' sum peppahmintz ; dey shoa iz gud ! ''"
"If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained ."
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad
"Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids , Mike Tyson 7 kids , Riddick Bowe 5 kids , George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like apes and spread these athlete genes along ."
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .
"Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com"
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .
"Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank ."
"Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them ."
"why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .
"Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals ."
"The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind ."
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .
"Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results ."
`` Those evil Whites .
"We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! """
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .
"I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other ."
"May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself ."
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .
String ' em up !
They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own .
"We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant."
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
Crippin nigga .
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .
"WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders ."
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .
Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel .
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..
"Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?"
"Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it ."
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .
"zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed ."
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )
"Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol"
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .
"Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't ."
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .
"Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected ."
"Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun ."
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!
"I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries .."
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .
"The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman ."
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .
"We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids ."
"If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright ."
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .
"Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars ."
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .
"Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!"
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .
"When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' ."
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..
"the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse"
"yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day"
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .
"Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong ."
"Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them ."
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .
"It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years ."
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .
"This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?"
"Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation ."
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .
"POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland ."
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .
"Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of"
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .
"I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins ."
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .
"Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc ."
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?
"That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence ."
"Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites ."
"Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future ."
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .
"Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube"
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .
"I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !"
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .
"Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them ."
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .
He got what he deserved .
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .
"If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor"
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .
"the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts ."
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .
"I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?"
"JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . ."
"They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid ."
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
"Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views ."
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .
"If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley ."
They all deserve an ass kicking .
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .
I'm sure the negro had it coming .
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .
I hope this little groid tortures her .
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .
"As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again ."
"If it 's brown , flush it down ."
"If it 's black , send it back ."
It ai n't right unless it 's White .
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '
"But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty ."
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .
"I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do ."
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !
The ugly black will always be .... black !
"Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded ."
"ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha"
"they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs ."
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !
"Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do ."
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .
"https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing"
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .
"They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp ."
"The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy ."
"I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches ."
They are both cultural threats
"If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor ."
No wonder this races achieve nothing .
"This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people ."
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .
"...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact ."
"So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop ."
"I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth ."
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like
"Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE ."
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves
"To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico ."
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .
"Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are ."
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .
"Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white ."
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW
"About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad ."
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
"It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics ."
"Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that ."
The majority of them are as stupid as real Negroes .
"I do not think anyone looks up to white Negroes , just the black ones and then they become wiggers ."
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?
"Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind ."
"The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated ."
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .
"They are scum , they are traitors ."
"A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him ."
"Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves ."
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....
"Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses ."
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .
Jewish unfortunately .
"yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low ."
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .
"Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else ."
"``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman"
"Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education ."
"If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ ."
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .
Wasn't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .
Holocaust has no business in there .
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .
"Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp ."
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .
"agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !"
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
"If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do ."
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''"
"I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil ."
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .
"Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless"
"Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them ."
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .
"Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here ."
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .
"Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?"
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .
"It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency ."
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .
"They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim ."
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )
"Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ..."
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up
"Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best"
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?
Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist
"I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear ."
"They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate ."
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .
"It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent ."
ANTI WHITE WATCH
"Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men ."
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .
"They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them ."
"sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street"
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .
"Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts ."
"Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !"
"If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation ...."
"So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?"
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!
"That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ..."
"I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell ."
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .
"Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land ."
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .
Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets .
"Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us ."
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .
Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show - cant wait Nothing short of a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ .
"It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children ."
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
"In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow ."
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?
It really pisses of the liberal leftist
"I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English ."
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .
"And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race ."
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .
"Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here ."
"New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !"
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .
"Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence"
"The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves ."
Typical Negro .
"They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste ."
They only know how to destory our civilization .
"When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !"
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .
"The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell ."
"Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black ."
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .
"Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax ."
"The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time"
"When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure ."
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .
"I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream ."
"I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe ."
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !
"Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings ."
"http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose ."
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .
"Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v."
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .
"We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' ."
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .
"http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government ."
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .
"They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race ."
"To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers ."
"Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro ."
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''
"Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe ."
"But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans ."
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .
"I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave"
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
"They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm ."
"They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed ."
"On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep !"
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!
"ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16"
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built .
"Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!"
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .
"WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do"
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .
"London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown ."
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
"Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country ."
"Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now ."
"The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !"
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .
"It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground ."
Why would they let blacks live ?
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?
"Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home ."
"So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such ."
I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .
"Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business ."
"Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......"
"Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?"
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .
"If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it ."
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .
"If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede ."
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .
"They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out ."
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .
"Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites ."
"I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting ."
"I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) ."
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .
Such a shàme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .
"Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !"
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .
Lay her off and cart her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges river next to her dead grand parents .
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .
"If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites ."
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative
Arab militaries are incompetent .
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .
Besides who would even bother to help them ?
"This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own"
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube
These ' niggas ' .
"I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back ."
"They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash ."
Holocaust is a Holohoax .
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .
I bet they wouldnt have done that crap to a black person that had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his back pack .
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .
"miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot"
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .
"I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people ."
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .
"If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?"
"I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them ."
"I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point ....."
"We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way ."
"Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia ."
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .
"Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance ."
"In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews ."
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !
"Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her ."
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....
"There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !"
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds
"Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB ."
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !
"As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !"
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
"how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation"
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .
"They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves ."
"Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum ."
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .
"God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own ."
"When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit ."
"So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now ."
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .
50 shades of brown
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .
"There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland ."
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .
These ' people ' are just scum .
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .
"All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power ."
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .
"Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!!"
"I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV ."
"I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer ."
"I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker ."
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .
"Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass ."
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .
"One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly ."
He's a race traitor .
"Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish ."
To me it means that Jewish supremacists will never again allow Whites to have a say .
"Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland ."
"Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are ."
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .
"Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion ."
"Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life ."
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa
Maximum resistance towards Zog !
"Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ..."
"This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs ."
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .
"This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing ."
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !
"Those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen ."
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...
"They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves ."
"A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun ."
"God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim ."
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .
"We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''"
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .
"Its simple , they want to create white guilt , ."
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .
"Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for ."
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .
"At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas"
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .
Negros are so dumb .
"You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil ."
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .
"The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria ."
"The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly ."
"We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball ."
"The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans ."
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .
"God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes ."
"God bless them all , to hell with the blacks ."
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .
"thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !"
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !
"These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent ."
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?
"Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes ."
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .
"I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported ."
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors
"Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in ."
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .
"Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?"
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !
"one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites"
"Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies ."
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .
"^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians ."
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .
"Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?"
what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .
"Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide ."
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .
"I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy"
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away
"Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk ."
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !
"Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . ."
"When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass ."
"Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy ."
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .
"Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?"
"For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves ."
"Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe ."
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .
"Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) ."
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .
"I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there ."
"Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me ."
"hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children ."
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .
"I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion ."
"When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there ."
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .
"My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her ."
"It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child ."
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .
"Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything ."
"Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area ."
Like I said before I 'd bet 90 % + have Liberal parents .
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes
"Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks ."
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?
"Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them ."
"Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting ."
"There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !"
"I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off ."
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .
"Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids ."
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .
"Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area ."
"It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth ."
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .
"I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !"
"The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants ."
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .
"well, the liberals would go ape crazy ."
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :
How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ?
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .
"Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing ."
"Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then ."
"As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape ."
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .
"Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble ."
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .
"Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves ."
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .
"Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?"
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )
"Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites ."
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .
"Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root ."
"Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house ."
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .
"The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......"
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com
"A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !"
"Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman ."
"There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa ."
"You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children ."
The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema .
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke
"Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home ."
"Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school ."
"Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there ."
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .
I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl .
"Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s ."
"I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere ."
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .
"When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us ."
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .
You AREN' T White :
"It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !"
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....
Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably do the world a favour and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth .
"Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour ."
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .
"I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens ."
We have such a huge Asian problem .
"Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap ."
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .
"It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation ."
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
"seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job ."
"That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there ."
"Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions ."
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .
"Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother ."
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .
"If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?"
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .
"`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth ."
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .
"I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school ."
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''
"And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal ."
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !"
"I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me ."
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers
He is a pathetic little chimp .
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !
"Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth ."
"I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand ."
May they all get mad cow disease .
"Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?"
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
I hope they all starve .
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .
"He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) ."
"He walks upright , and has human arms and legs ."
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .
Black ``women''on London transport ...
"If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon ."
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !
"Pathological killers , they are ."
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .
The Jew represents the snake .
All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease
"I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals ."
Separation is the only answer !
While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...
"i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !"
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .
"Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?"
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .
"Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers ."
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex
"The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood ."
"Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !"
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .
"unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs"
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
"What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me ."
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'
"Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing ."
"Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever ."
"Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority ."
"Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have ."
Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones
"All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians ."
"Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists ."
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .
"DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ?"
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .
"BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country ."
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .
"Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe ."
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .
"Exactly, they want us to lay down and die ."
"By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people ."
"The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that ."
"Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind ."
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''
"It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position ."
"They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest ."
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .
The Black race is yet to invent any kind of civilization .
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .
"The White race is best because when the Creator made Whites , He made them better than He made the other races ."
"Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ...."
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .
"We need to deport all nonwhites immediately , that or stop letting more in and sterilize the ones here , that will fix the problem ."
"I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate ."
"Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children ."
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?
"Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not ."
"Dude stink bomb this event , when it gets dark , chuck a bunch of them on the floor , different spots , when the chimps start jiving and grooving , they will step on them ."
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .
"We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !"
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .
"I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax ."
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .
"They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel ."
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .
"Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon ."
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?
"There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab."
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .
"Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking ."
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .
"All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews"
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !
Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing .
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .
"We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum ."
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .
"Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals ."
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .
"just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again"
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women
"somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !"
"they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?"
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508
"I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole !"
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .
"Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority ."
"I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ..."
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .
"The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva ."
May they be put away for good .
We do n't need such scum .
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued
"If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening ."
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .
"Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want ."
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?
Back to where ya came from !
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran
"Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society ."
"The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it ."
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .
"that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending"
It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim .
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .
"I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman ."
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .
We do not want `` assimilation '' .
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .
"**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria"
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .
"The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone ."
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .
"Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts ."
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .
"Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker ."
"oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet ."
"Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so ."
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .
"Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible ."
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t
"The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) ."
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .
"I am not going to be beat down by a dyke , fag , or coon ."
"Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world ."
"Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently ."
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .
"You weather the zionist storm well , my brother ."
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .
Lying Marxists !
"Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !"
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !
"No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever ."
"The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way ."
"There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax"
"If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !"
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .
"Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end ."
Hell to have a teacher like this .
"This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no `` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing ."
"You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot ."
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .
"Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new host , to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture"
Marxist Subversion happened .
Break them up .
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .
"Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry ."
"ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ..."
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack
"its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white"
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .
"Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA ."
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?
"It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography ."
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .
"I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me ."
"Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again ."
"I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house ."
"It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy ."
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
Blacks hate whites .
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .
"See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground ."
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .
"Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert ."
"As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war ."
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .
"And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order ."
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .
"It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool ."
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !
More impulsive Negro stripping ...
"More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants"
"I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis ."
"France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long ."
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .
"When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones ."
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..
"But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash ."
"A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community ."
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .
"Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten ."
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .
"They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though ."
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88
"Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !"
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .
"And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ..."
"But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO ."
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .
"My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded ."
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .
"We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true ."
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .
"The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum .."
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this
"Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !"
"YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization"
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .
"I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future ."
"Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh"
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .
"I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool ."
"I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars ."
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .
"These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us"
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .
"The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain ."
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics !
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .
There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them .
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .
"Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do ."
"This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday ."
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .
"They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa ."
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
"Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder ."
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .
"These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them ."
"Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !"
"if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol ."
"In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA ."
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .
"If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it ."
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .
"Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders"
"Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered ."
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
"As a nation , we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a zero tolerance policy for those here illegally ."
"Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing ."
It 's just the way they are .
- White GeNOcide Project
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
"And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost ."
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home
"When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense ."
"I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell ."
The race traitors sicken me too .
"I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t ."
"Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all ."
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .
"Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort ."
"All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here"
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!
"They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ...."
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .
"The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use ."
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .
"Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !"
"Back when I was a kid , even the black folks called them that .... `` Ooohhh I' z cai n't wait until Crimusz , I' z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ' Crimusz , an ' sum peppahmintz ; dey shoa iz gud ! ''"
"If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained ."
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad
"Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids , Mike Tyson 7 kids , Riddick Bowe 5 kids , George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like apes and spread these athlete genes along ."
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .
"Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com"
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .
"Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank ."
"Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them ."
"why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .
"Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals ."
"The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind ."
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .
"Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results ."
`` Those evil Whites .
"We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! """
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .
"I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other ."
"May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself ."
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .
String ' em up !
They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own .
"We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant."
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
Crippin nigga .
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .
"WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders ."
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .
Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel .
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..
"Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?"
"Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it ."
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .
"zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed ."
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )
"Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol"
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .
"Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't ."
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .
"Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected ."
"Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun ."
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!
"I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries .."
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .
"The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman ."
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .
"We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids ."
"If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright ."
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .
"Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars ."
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .
"Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!"
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .
"When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' ."
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..
"the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse"
"yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day"
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .
"Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong ."
"Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them ."
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .
"It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years ."
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .
"This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?"
"Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation ."
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .
"POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland ."
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .
"Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of"
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .
"I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins ."
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .
"Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc ."
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?
"That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence ."
"Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites ."
"Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future ."
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .
"Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube"
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .
"I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !"
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .
"Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them ."
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .
He got what he deserved .
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .
"If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor"
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .
"the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts ."
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .
"I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?"
"JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . ."
"They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid ."
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
"Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views ."
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .
"If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley ."
They all deserve an ass kicking .
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .
I'm sure the negro had it coming .
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .
I hope this little groid tortures her .
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .
"As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again ."
"If it 's brown , flush it down ."
"If it 's black , send it back ."
It ai n't right unless it 's White .
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '
"But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty ."
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .
"I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do ."
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !
The ugly black will always be .... black !
"Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded ."
"ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha"
"they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs ."
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !
"Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do ."
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .
"https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing"
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .
"They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp ."
"The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy ."
"I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches ."
They are both cultural threats
"If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor ."
No wonder this races achieve nothing .
"This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people ."
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .
"...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact ."
"So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop ."
"I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth ."
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like
"Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE ."
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves
"To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico ."
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .
"Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are ."
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .
"Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white ."
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW
"About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad ."
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
"It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics ."
"Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that ."
The majority of them are as stupid as real Negroes .
"I do not think anyone looks up to white Negroes , just the black ones and then they become wiggers ."
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?
"Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind ."
"The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated ."
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .
"They are scum , they are traitors ."
"A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him ."
"Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves ."
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....
"Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses ."
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .
Jewish unfortunately .
"yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low ."
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .
"Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else ."
"``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman"
"Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education ."
"If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ ."
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .
Wasn't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .
Holocaust has no business in there .
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .
"Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp ."
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .
"agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !"
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
"If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do ."
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''"
"I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil ."
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .
"Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless"
"Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them ."
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .
"Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here ."
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .
"Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?"
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .
"It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency ."
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .
"They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim ."
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )
"Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ..."
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up
"Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best"
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?
Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist
"I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear ."
"They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate ."
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .
"It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent ."
ANTI WHITE WATCH
"Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men ."
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .
"They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them ."
"sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street"
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .
"Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts ."
"Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !"
"If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation ...."
"So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?"
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!
"That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ..."
"I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell ."
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .
"Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land ."
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .
Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets .
"Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us ."
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .
Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show - cant wait Nothing short of a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ .
"It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children ."
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
"In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow ."
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?
It really pisses of the liberal leftist
"I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English ."
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .
"And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race ."
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .
"Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here ."
"New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !"
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .
"Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence"
"The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves ."
Typical Negro .
"They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste ."
They only know how to destory our civilization .
"When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !"
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .
"The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell ."
"Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black ."
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .
"Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax ."
"The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time"
"When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure ."
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .
"I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream ."
"I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe ."
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !
"Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings ."
"http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose ."
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .
"Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v."
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .
"We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' ."
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .
"http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government ."
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .
"They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race ."
"To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers ."
"Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro ."
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''
"Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe ."
"But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans ."
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .
"I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave"
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
"They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm ."
"They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed ."
"On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep !"
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!
"ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16"
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built .
"Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!"
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .
"WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do"
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .
"London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown ."
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
"Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country ."
"Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now ."
"The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !"
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .
"It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground ."
Why would they let blacks live ?
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?
"Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home ."
"So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such ."
I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .
"Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business ."
"Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......"
"Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?"
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .
"If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it ."
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .
"If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede ."
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .
"They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out ."
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .
"Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites ."
"I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting ."
"I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) ."
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .
Such a shàme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .
"Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !"
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .
Lay her off and cart her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges river next to her dead grand parents .
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .
"If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites ."
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative
Arab militaries are incompetent .
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .
Besides who would even bother to help them ?
"This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own"
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube
These ' niggas ' .
"I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back ."
"They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash ."
Holocaust is a Holohoax .
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .
I bet they wouldnt have done that crap to a black person that had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his back pack .
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .
"miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot"
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .
"I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people ."
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .
"If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?"
"I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them ."
"I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point ....."
"We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way ."
"Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia ."
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .
"Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance ."
"In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews ."
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !
"Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her ."
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....
"There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !"
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds
"Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB ."
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !
"As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !"
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
"how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation"
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .
"They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves ."
"Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum ."
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .
"God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own ."
"When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit ."
"So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now ."
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .
50 shades of brown
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .
"There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland ."
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .
These ' people ' are just scum .
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .
"All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power ."
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .
"Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!!"
"I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV ."
"I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer ."
"I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker ."
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .
"Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass ."
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .
"One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly ."
He's a race traitor .
"Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish ."
To me it means that Jewish supremacists will never again allow Whites to have a say .
"Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland ."
"Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are ."
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .
"Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion ."
"Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life ."
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa
Maximum resistance towards Zog !
"Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ..."
"This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs ."
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .
"This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing ."
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !
"Those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen ."
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...
"They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves ."
"A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun ."
"God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim ."
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .
"We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''"
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .
"Its simple , they want to create white guilt , ."
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .
"Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for ."
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .
"At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas"
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .
Negros are so dumb .
"You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil ."
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .
"The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria ."
"The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly ."
"We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball ."
"The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans ."
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .
"God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes ."
"God bless them all , to hell with the blacks ."
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .
"thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !"
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !
"These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent ."
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?
"Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes ."
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .
"I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported ."
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors
"Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in ."
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .
"Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?"
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !
"one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites"
"Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies ."
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .
"^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians ."
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .
"Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?"
what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .
"Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide ."
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .
"I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy"
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away
"Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk ."
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !
"Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . ."
"When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass ."
"Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy ."
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .
"Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?"
"For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves ."
"Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe ."
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .
"Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) ."
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .
"I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there ."
"Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me ."
"hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children ."
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .
"I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion ."
"When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there ."
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .
"My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her ."
"It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child ."
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .
"Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything ."
"Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area ."
Like I said before I 'd bet 90 % + have Liberal parents .
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes
"Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks ."
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?
"Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them ."
"Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting ."
"There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !"
"I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off ."
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .
"Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids ."
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .
"Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area ."
"It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth ."
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .
"I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !"
"The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants ."
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .
"well, the liberals would go ape crazy ."
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :
How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ?
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .
"Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing ."
"Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then ."
"As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape ."
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .
"Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble ."
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .
"Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves ."
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .
"Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?"
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )
"Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites ."
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .
"Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root ."
"Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house ."
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .
"The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......"
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com
"A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !"
"Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman ."
"There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa ."
"You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children ."
The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema .
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke
"Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home ."
"Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school ."
"Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there ."
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .
I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl .
"Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s ."
"I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere ."
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .
"When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us ."
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .
You AREN' T White :
"It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !"
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....
Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably do the world a favour and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth .
"Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour ."
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .
"I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens ."
We have such a huge Asian problem .
"Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap ."
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .
"It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation ."
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
"seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job ."
"That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there ."
"Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions ."
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .
"Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother ."
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .
"If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?"
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .
"`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth ."
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .
"I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school ."
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''
"And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal ."
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !"
"I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me ."
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers
He is a pathetic little chimp .
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !
"Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth ."
"I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand ."
May they all get mad cow disease .
"Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?"
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
I hope they all starve .
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .
"He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) ."
"He walks upright , and has human arms and legs ."
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .
Black ``women''on London transport ...
"If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon ."
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !
"Pathological killers , they are ."
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .
The Jew represents the snake .
All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease
"I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals ."
Separation is the only answer !
While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...
"i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !"
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .
"Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?"
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .
"Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers ."
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex
"The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood ."
"Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !"
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .
"unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs"
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
"What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me ."
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'
"Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing ."
"Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever ."
"Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority ."
"Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have ."
Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones
"All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians ."
"Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists ."
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .
"DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ?"
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .
"BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country ."
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .
"Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe ."
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .
"Exactly, they want us to lay down and die ."
"By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people ."
"The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that ."
"Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind ."
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''
"It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position ."
"They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest ."
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .
The Black race is yet to invent any kind of civilization .
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .
"The White race is best because when the Creator made Whites , He made them better than He made the other races ."
"Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ...."
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .
"We need to deport all nonwhites immediately , that or stop letting more in and sterilize the ones here , that will fix the problem ."
"I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate ."
"Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children ."
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?
"Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not ."
"Dude stink bomb this event , when it gets dark , chuck a bunch of them on the floor , different spots , when the chimps start jiving and grooving , they will step on them ."
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .
"We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !"
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .
"I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax ."
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .
"They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel ."
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .
"Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon ."
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?
"There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab."
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .
"Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking ."
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .
"All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews"
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !
Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing .
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .
"We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum ."
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .
"Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals ."
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .
"just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again"
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women
"somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !"
"they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?"
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508
"I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole !"
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .
"Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority ."
"I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ..."
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .
"The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva ."
May they be put away for good .
We do n't need such scum .
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued
"If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening ."
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .
"Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want ."
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?
Back to where ya came from !
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran
"Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society ."
"The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it ."
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .
"that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending"
It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim .
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .
"I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman ."
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .
We do not want `` assimilation '' .
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .
"**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria"
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .
"The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone ."
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .
"Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts ."
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .
"Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker ."
"oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet ."
"Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so ."
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .
"Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible ."
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t
"The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) ."
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .
"I am not going to be beat down by a dyke , fag , or coon ."
"Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world ."
"Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently ."
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .
"You weather the zionist storm well , my brother ."
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .
Lying Marxists !
"Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !"
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !
"No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever ."
"The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way ."
"There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax"
"If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !"
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .
"Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end ."
Hell to have a teacher like this .
"This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no `` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing ."
"You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot ."
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .
"Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new host , to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture"
Marxist Subversion happened .
Break them up .
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .
"Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry ."
"ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ..."
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack
"its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white"
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .
"Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA ."
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?
"It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography ."
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .
"I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me ."
"Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again ."
"I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house ."
"It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy ."
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
Blacks hate whites .
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .
"See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground ."
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .
"Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert ."
"As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war ."
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .
"And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order ."
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .
"It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool ."
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !
More impulsive Negro stripping ...
"More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants"
"I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis ."
"France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long ."
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .
"When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones ."
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..
"But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash ."
"A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community ."
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .
"Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten ."
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .
"They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though ."
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88
"Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !"
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .
"And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ..."
"But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO ."
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .
"My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded ."
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .
"We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true ."
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .
"The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum .."
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this
"Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !"
"YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization"
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .
"I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future ."
"Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh"
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .
"I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool ."
"I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars ."
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .
"These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us"
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .
"The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain ."
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics !
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .
There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them .
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .
"Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do ."
"This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday ."
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .
"They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa ."
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
"Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder ."
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .
"These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them ."
"Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !"
"if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol ."
"In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA ."
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .
"If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it ."
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .
"Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders"
"Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered ."
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
"As a nation , we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a zero tolerance policy for those here illegally ."
"Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing ."
It 's just the way they are .
- White GeNOcide Project
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
"And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost ."
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home
"When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense ."
"I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell ."
The race traitors sicken me too .
"I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t ."
"Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all ."
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .
"Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort ."
"All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here"
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!
"They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ...."
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .
"The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use ."
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .
"Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !"
"Back when I was a kid , even the black folks called them that .... `` Ooohhh I' z cai n't wait until Crimusz , I' z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ' Crimusz , an ' sum peppahmintz ; dey shoa iz gud ! ''"
"If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained ."
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad
"Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids , Mike Tyson 7 kids , Riddick Bowe 5 kids , George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like apes and spread these athlete genes along ."
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .
"Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com"
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .
"Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank ."
"Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them ."
"why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .
"Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals ."
"The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind ."
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .
"Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results ."
`` Those evil Whites .
"We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! """
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .
"I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other ."
"May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself ."
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .
String ' em up !
They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own .
"We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant."
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
Crippin nigga .
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .
"WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders ."
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .
Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel .
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..
"Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?"
"Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it ."
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .
"zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed ."
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )
"Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol"
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .
"Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't ."
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .
"Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected ."
"Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun ."
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!
"I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries .."
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .
"The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman ."
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .
"We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids ."
"If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright ."
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .
"Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars ."
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .
"Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!"
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .
"When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' ."
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..
"the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse"
"yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day"
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .
"Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong ."
"Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them ."
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .
"It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years ."
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .
"This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?"
"Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation ."
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .
"POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland ."
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .
"Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of"
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .
"I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins ."
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .
"Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc ."
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?
"That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence ."
"Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites ."
"Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future ."
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .
"Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube"
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .
"I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !"
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .
"Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them ."
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .
He got what he deserved .
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .
"If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor"
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .
"the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts ."
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .
"I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?"
"JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . ."
"They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid ."
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
"Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views ."
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .
"If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley ."
They all deserve an ass kicking .
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .
I'm sure the negro had it coming .
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .
I hope this little groid tortures her .
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .
"As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again ."
"If it 's brown , flush it down ."
"If it 's black , send it back ."
It ai n't right unless it 's White .
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '
"But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty ."
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .
"I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do ."
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !
The ugly black will always be .... black !
"Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded ."
"ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha"
"they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs ."
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !
"Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do ."
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .
"https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing"
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .
"They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp ."
"The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy ."
"I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches ."
They are both cultural threats
"If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor ."
No wonder this races achieve nothing .
"This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people ."
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .
"...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact ."
"So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop ."
"I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth ."
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like
"Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE ."
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves
"To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico ."
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .
"Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are ."
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .
"Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white ."
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW
"About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad ."
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
"It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics ."
"Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that ."
The majority of them are as stupid as real Negroes .
"I do not think anyone looks up to white Negroes , just the black ones and then they become wiggers ."
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?
"Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind ."
"The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated ."
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .
"They are scum , they are traitors ."
"A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him ."
"Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves ."
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....
"Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses ."
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .
Jewish unfortunately .
"yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low ."
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .
"Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else ."
"``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman"
"Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education ."
"If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ ."
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .
Wasn't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .
Holocaust has no business in there .
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .
"Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp ."
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .
"agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !"
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
"If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do ."
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''"
"I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil ."
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .
"Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless"
"Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them ."
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .
"Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here ."
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .
"Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?"
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .
"It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency ."
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .
"They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim ."
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )
"Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ..."
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up
"Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best"
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?
Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist
"I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear ."
"They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate ."
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .
"It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent ."
ANTI WHITE WATCH
"Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men ."
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .
"They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them ."
"sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street"
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .
"Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts ."
"Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !"
"If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation ...."
"So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?"
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!
"That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ..."
"I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell ."
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .
"Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land ."
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .
Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets .
"Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us ."
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .
Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show - cant wait Nothing short of a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ .
"It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children ."
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
"In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow ."
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?
It really pisses of the liberal leftist
"I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English ."
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .
"And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race ."
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .
"Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here ."
"New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !"
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .
"Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence"
"The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves ."
Typical Negro .
"They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste ."
They only know how to destory our civilization .
"When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !"
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .
"The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell ."
"Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black ."
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .
"Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax ."
"The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time"
"When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure ."
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .
"I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream ."
"I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe ."
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !
"Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings ."
"http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose ."
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .
"Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v."
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .
"We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' ."
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .
"http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government ."
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .
"They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race ."
"To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers ."
"Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro ."
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''
"Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe ."
"But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans ."
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .
"I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave"
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
"They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm ."
"They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed ."
"On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep !"
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!
"ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16"
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built .
"Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!"
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .
"WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do"
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .
"London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown ."
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
"Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country ."
"Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now ."
"The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !"
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .
"It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground ."
Why would they let blacks live ?
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?
"Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home ."
"So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such ."
I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .
"Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business ."
"Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......"
"Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?"
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .
"If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it ."
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .
"If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede ."
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .
"They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out ."
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .
"Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites ."
"I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting ."
"I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) ."
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .
Such a shàme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .
"Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !"
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .
Lay her off and cart her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges river next to her dead grand parents .
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .
"If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites ."
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative
Arab militaries are incompetent .
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .
Besides who would even bother to help them ?
"This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own"
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube
These ' niggas ' .
"I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back ."
"They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash ."
Holocaust is a Holohoax .
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .
I bet they wouldnt have done that crap to a black person that had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his back pack .
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .
"miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot"
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .
"I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people ."
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .
"If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?"
"I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them ."
"I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point ....."
"We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way ."
"Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia ."
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .
"Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance ."
"In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews ."
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !
"Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her ."
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....
"There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !"
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds
"Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB ."
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !
"As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !"
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
"how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation"
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .
"They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves ."
"Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum ."
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .
"God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own ."
"When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit ."
"So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now ."
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .
50 shades of brown
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .
"There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland ."
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .
These ' people ' are just scum .
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .
"All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power ."
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .
"Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!!"
"I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV ."
"I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer ."
"I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker ."
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .
"Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass ."
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .
"One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly ."
He's a race traitor .
"Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish ."
To me it means that Jewish supremacists will never again allow Whites to have a say .
"Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland ."
"Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are ."
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .
"Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion ."
"Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life ."
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa
Maximum resistance towards Zog !
"Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ..."
"This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs ."
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .
"This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing ."
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !
"Those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen ."
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...
"They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves ."
"A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun ."
"God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim ."
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .
"We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''"
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .
"Its simple , they want to create white guilt , ."
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .
"Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for ."
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .
"At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas"
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .
Negros are so dumb .
"You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil ."
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .
"The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria ."
"The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly ."
"We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball ."
"The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans ."
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .
"God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes ."
"God bless them all , to hell with the blacks ."
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .
"thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !"
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !
"These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent ."
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?
"Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes ."
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .
"I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported ."
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors
"Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in ."
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .
"Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?"
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !
"one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites"
"Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies ."
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .
"^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians ."
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .
"Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?"
what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .
"Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide ."
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .
"I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy"
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away
"Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk ."
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !
"Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . ."
"When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass ."
"Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy ."
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .
"Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?"
"For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves ."
"Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe ."
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .
"Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) ."
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .
"I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there ."
"Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me ."
"hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children ."
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .
"I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion ."
"When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there ."
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .
"My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her ."
"It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child ."
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .
"Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything ."
"Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area ."
Like I said before I 'd bet 90 % + have Liberal parents .
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes
"Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks ."
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?
"Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them ."
"Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting ."
"There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !"
"I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off ."
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .
"Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids ."
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .
"Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area ."
"It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth ."
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .
"I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !"
"The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants ."
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .
"well, the liberals would go ape crazy ."
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :
How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ?
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .
"Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing ."
"Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then ."
"As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape ."
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .
"Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble ."
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .
"Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves ."
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .
"Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?"
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )
"Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites ."
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .
"Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root ."
"Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house ."
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .
"The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......"
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com
"A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !"
"Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman ."
"There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa ."
"You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children ."
The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema .
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke
"Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home ."
"Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school ."
"Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there ."
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .
I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl .
"Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s ."
"I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere ."
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .
"When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us ."
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .
You AREN' T White :
"It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !"
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....
Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably do the world a favour and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth .
"Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour ."
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .
"I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens ."
We have such a huge Asian problem .
"Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap ."
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .
"It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation ."
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
"seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job ."
"That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there ."
"Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions ."
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .
"Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother ."
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .
"If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?"
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .
"`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth ."
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .
"I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school ."
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''
"And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal ."
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !"
"I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me ."
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers
He is a pathetic little chimp .
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !
"Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth ."
"I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand ."
May they all get mad cow disease .
"Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ?"
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
I hope they all starve .
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .
"He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) ."
"He walks upright , and has human arms and legs ."
I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him .
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .
Black ``women''on London transport ...
"If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon ."
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !
"Pathological killers , they are ."
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .
The Jew represents the snake .
All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease
"I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals ."
Separation is the only answer !
While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...
"i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them !"
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia .
"Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ?"
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .
"Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers ."
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ...
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex
"The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood ."
"Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !"
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land .
"unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs"
What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
"What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me ."
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ?
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind .
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better'
"Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing ."
"Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever ."
"Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority ."
"Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have ."
Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones
"All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians ."
"Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists ."
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .
Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum .
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood .
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians .
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more .
"DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ?"
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .
"BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country ."
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else .
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .
"Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe ."
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .
"Exactly, they want us to lay down and die ."
"By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people ."
"The problem is in blacks ' heads , but hey , you have already known that ."
"Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind ."
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist . ''
"It 's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question ; they 're inferior and they know it , ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position ."
"They instead decide by convenience , low risk , and unenlightened self-interest ."
Want a libtard to oppose abortion ?
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism ?
Tell them we 'll legalize drugs and pedophilia .
The Black race is yet to invent any kind of civilization .
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race .
"The White race is best because when the Creator made Whites , He made them better than He made the other races ."
"Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ...."
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions.We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites .
All of our tim hortons are staffed by those nast filipinos and every single town is full of Indians and asians .
"We need to deport all nonwhites immediately , that or stop letting more in and sterilize the ones here , that will fix the problem ."
"I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate ."
"Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children ."
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .
I 'm surprised they 're not holding the gun back to front .
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites .
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?
"Homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against White Genocide , only hypocrites can , I 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not ."
"Dude stink bomb this event , when it gets dark , chuck a bunch of them on the floor , different spots , when the chimps start jiving and grooving , they will step on them ."
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda .
"We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !"
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education .
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .
"I guess I got lucky , I we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax ."
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny .
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I 'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is' int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their .
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment .
"They must have trapped her somehow , and sent her thru the network to Israel ."
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people .
"Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon ."
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .
That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average .
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?
"There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab."
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .
"Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking ."
I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE .
"All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews"
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .
Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .
Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites .
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .
This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad .
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !
Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing .
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .
"We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum ."
Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction .
"Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals ."
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .
"just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again"
If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them .
Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women
"somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !"
"they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ?"
I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews .
There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country .
i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508
"I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole !"
Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school !
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
It does n't matter how you dress up a mud .
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .
"Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority ."
"I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ..."
Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day .
"The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva ."
May they be put away for good .
We do n't need such scum .
It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians .
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued
"If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening ."
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .
Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this .
"Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want ."
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?
Back to where ya came from !
i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran
"Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society ."
"The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it ."
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .
"that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending"
It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim .
All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!!
It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated .
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .
Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere .
"I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman ."
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .
We do not want `` assimilation '' .
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .
Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day .
"**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria"
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !
id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary .
Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 .
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .
Hey guys please go here to help us send the Mexicans back to Mexico .
"The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone ."
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .
"Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts ."
Hopefully they wo n't settle in US black communities and pick up their bad habits .
"Yeah, after losing peanut butter as their claim to fame , they 'll have to fall back on the Super Soaker ."
"oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet ."
"Yeah, seems Negroes are too stupid or too arrogant to use an existing thread , so we see a new `` we be eguptshuns an sheet '' every week or so ."
High time they get back to mother Affika and fix that mess .
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !
Stop showing off South Asian functional illiteracy .
"Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible ."
We can all put down our torches go home and suck some Jew d@cK JUST LIKE YOU !
Dumb ass that was just more Jew propaganda that shows their ( and ) your idiocy now go away with your bulls@ $ t
"The BLMtards are here , they crashed the LBBQWTF parade last month ( lol ) ."
I guess the Yonge St retail district will be smashed and looted .
The big black females pushed their way into the Houston city counsel meeting and said all of the white teachers they used to have all quit ( do you wonder why ? ) and all you sent us to replace all them teachers was a bunch of dumb blacks .
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .
"I am not going to be beat down by a dyke , fag , or coon ."
"Raising 1 healthy , racially aware child is worth more than all the libtard and mud children in the world ."
"Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently ."
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .
If I could create a disease that wipes out all Black 's I would .
HIV/AIDS is n't killing them off fast enough .
"You weather the zionist storm well , my brother ."
The Brown and Black filth are starting to creep into Orillia and Midland sadly .
Lying Marxists !
"Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !"
And they will flood into all white countries as much as they can !
"No, I hope the negro is not all right , ever ."
"The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way ."
"There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax"
"If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !"
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .
"Homosexuals practice a perverse lifestyle that destroys the body , mind , and soul just as drug use does ; merely two paths to the same destructive end ."
Hell to have a teacher like this .
"This is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no `` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing ."
"You 're worried about affirmative action and liberals , that 's your spot ."
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
Therefore everyone in this thread is a holocaust survivor .
I guess I would be destined for the gas chambers .
"Like the parasites they are they simply moved to a new host , to continue their destruction of Western White civilization and culture"
Marxist Subversion happened .
Break them up .
I saw a white and a black couple the other day and nearly went ballistic and got enraged .
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''
That 's your real religion and you worship that false god above everything else every day .
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .
"Or try yelling * * * * the nigs ya 'll get suspended , jumped and hopefully some new wn friends or ya 'll die trying. lol Rohawa its a battle cry ."
"ya they are lazy drug-attics ... and they cant get a real job , all they do is deal drugs or they jump job to job to job ..."
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack
"its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white"
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .
"Jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic DNA ."
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this
Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ?
"It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography ."
i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks .
"I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me ."
"Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again ."
"I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house ."
"It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy ."
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .
South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years .
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
Blacks hate whites .
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .
"See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground ."
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .
"Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert ."
"As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war ."
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!
Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .
Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure .
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?
It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order .
"And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order ."
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .
I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle .
"It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool ."
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !
More impulsive Negro stripping ...
"More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants"
"I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis ."
"France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long ."
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .
"When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones ."
The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes ..
"But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash ."
"A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community ."
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .
"Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten ."
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .
"They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though ."
No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88
"Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !"
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .
I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem .
"And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ..."
"But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO ."
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .
I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now .
"My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded ."
Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!
So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa .
"We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true ."
Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles .
"The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum .."
that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this
"Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !"
"YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization"
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .
"I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future ."
"Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh"
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?
Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage .
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .
Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute .
"I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool ."
"I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars ."
I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too .
At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule .
Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries
The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British .
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .
"These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us"
Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become .
"The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain ."
This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead .
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics !
Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .
Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America .
There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them .
The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street .
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .
"Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do ."
"This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday ."
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .
"They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa ."
We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out .
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
"Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder ."
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .
The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina .
Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around .
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?
I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers .
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .
"These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them ."
"Only in the mind of the INTERNATIONAL JEW could such an evil machination , with its ticker tape parade of lies , be cooked up !"
"if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol ."
"In fact , if you buy California fruit , you have tasted illegal alien DNA ."
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .
The next generation of humanity should thank you for not having been infected with your flawed genetic structure .
I did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often Asians and Jews get surgery to look more White .
Maybe they 're confusing the fact that we 're tired of LIBTARDS on TV for our being tired of White people .
"If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it ."
Because behaving like civilized and educated person is `` to white '' for negroes .
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .
"Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders"
"Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered ."
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
"As a nation , we are in desperate need for an immigration time out and a zero tolerance policy for those here illegally ."
"Also some of us on here , like myself , do not believe in the genocide of another race which is what abortion is doing to the Black race as 92 % of abortion clinics are in Black communities , we just do n't believe in race mixing ."
It 's just the way they are .
- White GeNOcide Project
You find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
"And then there 's Asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , WHITE , area of Scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested Chinease outpost ."
I considered it being `` ethnically cleansed '' from my childhood home
"When the entire non-White world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self-defense ."
"I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell ."
The race traitors sicken me too .
"I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t ."
"Then again , in this modern age of white youth emulating negroes and white adults groveling at the feet of the juden , perhaps it 's an appropriate word after all ."
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .
"Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort ."
"All we have is blacks and a few mestizos and all are pretty well behaved , we keep them that way around here"
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!
"They mutilate their own , and they do their best to see to it that those whom they see as their goyim slaves are also marked ...."
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .
The only thing that they care about is welfare and mooching of all the rest of us .
Frederick neichzche embraced the notion that for a race to evolve there had to be a struggle to kill of the weaker elements to keep them from contaminating the gene pool. in the US one could say that there is a breeding program to breed dumb ghetto blacks .
With the liberal media and police departments under reporting black crime they have been given a pass on their ghetto ways so many times that it as becomes acceptable behavior for them as there is no real consequences for it .
"The Negro is generally terrified of Whites , the second you stand up to them they usally back away , thats unless they 're carrying a gun at which point the savages are rarely reluctant to use ."
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .
"Ya, and they kind of missed the fact that he is going to inner city schools teaching the monkeys how to better kick your white butt !"
"Back when I was a kid , even the black folks called them that .... `` Ooohhh I' z cai n't wait until Crimusz , I' z gonna get me sum of dem niggah-toes and oranguz fo ' Crimusz , an ' sum peppahmintz ; dey shoa iz gud ! ''"
"If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained ."
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad
"Instead it is the athletic negro Holyfield 11 kids , Mike Tyson 7 kids , Riddick Bowe 5 kids , George Foreman 10 kids who procreate like apes and spread these athlete genes along ."
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .
"Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines YouTube - Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines Listen/watch the full interview @ Deanna Spingola and Dr. Lorraine Day - Zionism , the Holocaust , Aids and Vaccines : Free Download & Streaming : Internet Archive www.DrDay.com www.GoodNewsAboutGod.com"
It's weird most Indians dot and to an extent feather that I deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .
There are lots of brown and black kids in the system gays could adopt .
I do think abusive parents are worse than gays one .
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .
"Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank ."
"Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them ."
"why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth
Jews are the most demanding and worst patients of all .
Pornography and prostitution should be outlawed as the jewish filth that it is . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nazi.org.uk
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .
"Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals ."
"The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind ."
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .
i live up the block from a muslim mask. every friday they rule the streets. they think that they can walk anywhere they want and if your are white they give you a look just klike when you pass through a black neighborhood. they are the same as them nigs
So please Zuma be a good little kaffir and take their land
My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool .
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist .
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .
"Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results ."
`` Those evil Whites .
"We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! """
They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market .
They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae .
"I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other ."
"May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself ."
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .
These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl .
That 's every groid 's wish anyways .
String ' em up !
They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own .
"We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant."
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
Crippin nigga .
WE CRIPPIN NIGGA .
"WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders ."
Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways .
Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel .
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..
"Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?"
"Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it ."
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .
The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her .
"zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed ."
i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold
Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. )
"Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol"
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .
"Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't ."
Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .
"Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected ."
"Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun ."
Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!!
"I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries .."
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .
The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it .
"The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman ."
If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net .
How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ?
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .
"We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids ."
"If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright ."
Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash .
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .
"Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars ."
It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam .
To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse .
Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS !
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .
Ireland does n't need arab scum like these .
"Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!"
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .
"When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' ."
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..
"the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse"
"yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day"
i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ??
Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them .
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .
"Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong ."
"Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them ."
Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK .
"It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years ."
I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices .
"This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?"
"Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation ."
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .
They are supporting the destruction of their future generations .
"POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland ."
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !
It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew .
"Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of"
I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist .
Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people .
"I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins ."
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .
"Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc ."
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
The only thing Negroes have is wishful want .
What about all the tens of millions of negroes that are nothing more than criminals and parasites that do nothing but breed more criminals and parasites ?
"That 's their real contribution to society , misery and dependence ."
"Not sure if this is the correct place i should post it , but a good video that just uploaded on youtube about these hypocrites ."
"Here is your logic : some whites are corrupt whores for Jewish supremacists , therefore Whites should not oppose Jewish supremacist extermination of all Whites and JS efforts to control humanity 's future ."
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .
"Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube"
It is a total disgrace when tax-payer dollars can go to promoting such degenerate filth .
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .
"I am sure California is full of sick self hating whites , who think that for the good of all the black brown and yellow peoples of the world , whites need to commit racial suicide and disappear from their face of the earth for their sake and wo n't that be just dandy !"
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?
Get over watching monkeys throw a ball around and get a real hobby for God 's sake .
"Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them ."
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .
That ape tried to gang up a lone white .
He got what he deserved .
They ca n't stand toe to toe with the white man so they just dance around until they 're tired .
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .
"If ra-heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of OG peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra-heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ? multiply food stamps X project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor"
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .
"the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts ."
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .
"I wish you luck , is it any wonder Jew males lust for our White women ?"
"JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . ."
"They dress like blacks , talk Ike them , act just as stupid ."
Homosexuals should stay in the closet .
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .
So it looks like the Blacks have lost even that one LOL Diablo
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
"Take it slow then gradual , hell make them watch MTV for a few hours it 's the same thing as animal planet. and just gradually introduce them to your views ."
Those Jewish murderers of millions of Whites have been forgiven .
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .
"If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley ."
They all deserve an ass kicking .
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...
What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you .
I'm sure the negro had it coming .
Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change .
Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead .
I hope this little groid tortures her .
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .
"As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again ."
"If it 's brown , flush it down ."
"If it 's black , send it back ."
It ai n't right unless it 's White .
They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined .
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '
"But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty ."
Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means .
"I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do ."
Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be .
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !
The ugly black will always be .... black !
"Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded ."
"ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha"
"they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs ."
thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056
My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . ''
Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot .
and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP !
"Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do ."
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !
Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets .
Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief .
"https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing"
I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends .
I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed .
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .
"They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp ."
"The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy ."
"I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches ."
They are both cultural threats
"If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor ."
No wonder this races achieve nothing .
"This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people ."
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .
"...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact ."
"So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop ."
"I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth ."
i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like
"Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE ."
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves
"To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico ."
Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index .
"Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are ."
I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long
If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are .
Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing !
Because they a vile plague on all of mankind that no one really likes .
Black is a color but the Negroids more than not resemble a walking pile of feces with arms and legs ... they even stink !
Maybe it had something to do with the Soviets not even having the funds to keep an ample supply of food or toilet paper in their own country .
"Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white ."
I'm young and viciously angry I 'm not going to lie or apologize for my actions i treat non whites like utter crap and i always have and always will they are n't human in my eyes Anyone who tries to wipe out my race and culture will be met by hostility by me any race who rape and abuse their and my women will be met by hostility and contempt by me WPWW
"About the Chinese , those who remain in their own country are good , those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad ."
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
"It is like they would bleach their hair blonde and bleach their skin `` White '' , speak English , etc but still they would torment others with their Black characteristics ."
"Sounds like they might have some Palestinians of either the Muslim or Judaic variety in the woodpile , throwing stones like that ."
The majority of them are as stupid as real Negroes .
"I do not think anyone looks up to white Negroes , just the black ones and then they become wiggers ."
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?
"Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind ."
"The white population must have a place it calls its own , segregated ."
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .
"They are scum , they are traitors ."
"A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him ."
"Strange how the Swedes were once the most peaceful people in the world , then the Jews make them into liberals who wanted to genocide them selves ."
I was going to say - before you added that last line - they look like a bunch of frightened monkeys with guns ....
"Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses ."
I was sort of hoping that they will bring back Ebola and spread it around to their own kind and the rest of the undesirables who are not wanted here .
Jewish unfortunately .
"yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low ."
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard
Have you noticed when white 's beat on blacks they usually end it with one punch and then leave the ape alone .
I bet they 'll find a way to invent a new hoax .
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .
"Muds do n't respect anything , including themselves ( what 's to respect ) and therefore anyone else ."
"``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman"
"Good, it is about time those progressive libtards got theirs for the generations of young white minds they have perverted with their pseudo-education ."
"If the Jews are allowed to decide for everyone the correct version of history , I 'm sure they 'll eventually re-write the history around Jesus Christ ."
( The Jews had the Romans murder Jesus for them by falsely accusing Jesus and by turning down a chance to pardon Jesus .
Wasn't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .
Holocaust has no business in there .
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .
"Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp ."
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .
"agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !"
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
"If we are White and wish to save this country rather than have it turn into a disorderly non-White hegemony , then we are all at a loss for what to do ."
Apparently the Jews ca n't take it when the truth is spoken about them .
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
"I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''"
"I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil ."
The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion .
The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away .
"Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless"
"Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them ."
May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast .
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .
"Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here ."
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .
"Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ?"
The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people .
More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman .
The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease .
"It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency ."
Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs .
"They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim ."
Angry sheboon trashes liquor store .
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )
"Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ..."
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up
"Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best"
No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races .
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?
What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ?
Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com
You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist
"I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear ."
"They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate ."
I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there
Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this .
"It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent ."
ANTI WHITE WATCH
"Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men ."
I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it .
"They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them ."
"sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street"
I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards .
"Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts ."
"Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill !"
"If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation ...."
"So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?"
One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !!
"That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ..."
"I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell ."
I guess they would not want to offend an ape .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .
"Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land ."
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .
Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets .
"Actually, it 's not us who 's killing them ... it 's they who are killing us ."
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .
If half White non negro and Jew are Pro White and do n't reproduce then they are ok .
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .
Then we will create a Marxist style school system to further dumb them down and reduce them to obedient global citizens .
Then we can all live in a global utopia with the Jew running the show - cant wait Nothing short of a brain transplant is going to raise a Negroes IQ .
"It is important for people to realize that gays want gay marriage ..... not because they desire some sort of government paperwork , but because they are seeking the right to adopt defenseless children ."
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
"In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow ."
This is completely disgusting ... How can we continue to house these people who have complete contempt for us and all our laws and customs ?
It really pisses of the liberal leftist
"I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English ."
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .
"And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race ."
If Canada was small the nonwhites would be everywhere but so many whites live rurally or in small towns so they do n't see the racial disaster unfolding on Canada .
Whites wo n't exist in Canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving Canada to become a large ghetto
You have to defend yourself with riots happening across the country and invaders flooding across our borders .
In many countries the Jew/white liberal will throw you in jail for longer than a murderer for denying their `` evidence '' !
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .
some times Whites are forced to live around a lot of blacks .
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .
"Still , a little bit of truth slipping out of an Israeli 's mouth Surprised this thread was moved as it 's all over the news here ."
"New York 's Old Pennsylvania Station , What a tragic loss , to promote Jewish `` Modern '' filth , no surprise !"
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .
"Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence"
"The liberals are going to get their panties in a bunch , with people like you saying we must learn to defend ourselves ."
Typical Negro .
"They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste ."
They only know how to destory our civilization .
"When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !"
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .
"The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell ."
"Seriously, this guy is VERY primitive even for a Black ."
I 'd put him somewhere between the typical African and an ape .
"Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax ."
"The reason y i dropped out of school was because either , i drop out or i got kicked out. i always fought with the packi gang at my school. and i was never going to back down. in auto class i handed the n * igger a monkey wrench and told him the name suited him aswell. all the non-whites hated me because i wore a `` nazi punk '' and a `` white pride '' patch on my coat and backpack. a got in a fight with some black chick and i won. the next day her butchy sister caught up with me in the hall way and said that after school her and i where gonna fight. i told her `` no if u wanna fight , we 're gonna fight right here right now. not after school where u can gather the rest of u monkies up so it 's an uneven fight '' . she huffed and stormed away. - we neevr did get to fight the last straw was the first day of school i had a forgein substitute teacher. so i was talkin and and this guy was on my case about turning around and getting my work done. he had to ask me this a few times and then finially i stood up and said , `` look , i 'm white ur black , i should be telling u whut to do ! '' ohhh man , my guidance conslour did n't like that nor did my principal .... ( this was n't at school this happened a month or so ago but these people went to my school ) i had a n * igger try to rob me at knife point in the forest while his gf sat back and watched. my friend came by and jumped him and i personally went after the chick. she ran and i caught up to her and smashed her head into a tree. thats only some of my stories ....... i got a few more but i dont have the time"
"When they get ridiculed because of their injury on the radio by a negro talk-show host who sings little songs about how sharks only eat White people , sure ."
Bbut they are creeping in slowly seeing more and more these days .
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?
I would n't be surprised if the government took more taxes off our pay checks so that Trudeau could feed and house more rapeugees that are flooding our country .
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .
"I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream ."
"I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe ."
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven .
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !
"Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings ."
"http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose ."
Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed .
"Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v."
It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa .
"We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' ."
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .
I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies
Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed
A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .
"http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government ."
They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month .
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .
"They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race ."
"To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers ."
"Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro ."
Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages .
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''
"Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe ."
"But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans ."
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .
"I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave"
Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog .
Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden .
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
"They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm ."
"They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed ."
"On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep !"
Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future .
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .
They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us .
There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture .
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .
I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here
I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!!
"ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16"
These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds !
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built .
"Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!!"
Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .
"WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do"
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .
"London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown ."
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
"Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country ."
"Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now ."
"The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims !"
Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People .
"It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground ."
Why would they let blacks live ?
Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ?
"Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home ."
"So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such ."
I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770
http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !
I just wanted to say hello to The Jew is Evil .
The blood of hundreds of white women is on the hands of white liberals .
"Elevating the negro to iconic status , is bad business ."
"Indeed, now they just need to feed themselves , educate themselves , police themselves ad nauseum ......"
"Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?"
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .
You are the loyal punk to dead men that would underbid your labor with slaves of the negro race .
"If it means exterminating the blacks in Africa so the gorillas have a healthy , big nature preserve I do n't oppose it ."
It is the Asians in White countries that bug me .
Without us they would still be living in mud huts with sharpened sticks .
These disgusting perverted white men are no different than the white women who have sex with black men just because they have a bigger penis .
I say take asian obsessed white men and dump them in some third world asian crap whole and never let them come back .
"If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede ."
And here 's what David Irving 's site offers on Hitler 's Table Talks .
"They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out ."
When asked how I knew the holocaust was a lie my answer was if it was the truth there would be no laws against saying it was a lie .
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .
These guys are killing our culture while pretending to want to save it .
"Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites ."
"I do n't blame you , all the yucky nonwhite DNA pawing your food as they pass it over the UPC scanner , disgusting ."
"I have lived in Mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) ."
He is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .
There is no good in reasoning a bitch that is hungry for a dick.Forget her and let her perish in shame after negroid kicks her after a few tries .
Such a shàme how we 've allowed blacks and browns to destroy every last square inch of our cities .
"Nowadays, your ebony specimen chooses to sit at the back of the bus , so they can get up to all manner of mischief !"
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .
Lay her off and cart her back to India where she can poop in the Ganges river next to her dead grand parents .
I wonder what the shegroid that came running up did .
"If a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites ."
How much you want to bet it is n't a black male running this operation You can count on white people to be very innovative
Arab militaries are incompetent .
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .
Besides who would even bother to help them ?
"This guy seems to get it but otherwise : Sorry jigs , you 're on your own"
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube
These ' niggas ' .
"I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back ."
"They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash ."
Holocaust is a Holohoax .
I hear the jews are looking to open a Holohoax center in Antarctica next year .
I seriously hope she dies in a fire one day .
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .
I bet they wouldnt have done that crap to a black person that had black power or those black fists that the panthers use written on his back pack .
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .
"miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot"
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .
We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves .
"I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people ."
The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her .
"If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?"
"I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them ."
"I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point ....."
"We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way ."
"Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia ."
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?
The filthy ape gave the horse an infection .
These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . .
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .
"Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance ."
"In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews ."
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .
This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it .
No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out !
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??
Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing !
"Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her ."
The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ...
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA
I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing ....
"There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists !"
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds
"Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB ."
Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ?
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !
"As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !"
that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
"how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation"
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .
"They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves ."
"Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum ."
One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .
The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting .
To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening .
"God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own ."
"When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit ."
"So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now ."
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .
50 shades of brown
Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic .
"There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland ."
Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa .
These ' people ' are just scum .
Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam
You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country .
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .
"All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power ."
the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers !
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .
I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations !
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .
S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect .
"Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!!"
"I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV ."
"I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer ."
"I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker ."
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .
"Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass ."
Jewish Supremicism is at the end of its noose. : madex
WTF are you laughing ' Groid The Jews are just using you Monkeys Get lost go eat some watermelon and shoot some dice or something .
"One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly ."
He's a race traitor .
"Him , his wife , and his kids have absolutely no place in a white nation and it 's disgusting how they put an end to thousands of years of evolution for being so selfish ."
To me it means that Jewish supremacists will never again allow Whites to have a say .
"Damn affirmative action they got the white house , now our beer halls , their is only one safe place left ... God 's save Iceland ."
"Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are ."
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .
"Unfortunately, she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the Holahoax religion ."
"Right now when I think of WASP 's , I think of New England liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life ."
unfortunately chicago doesnt prove this .. we need to send them all to the poles we could make better use of africa
Maximum resistance towards Zog !
"Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ..."
"This is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs ."
When they sent n iggers to space the space ships started blowing up .
The thought of Africans in space is laughable .
"This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing ."
No need to allow FACTS to get in the way of a good White guilt message ! ... and the jew laughs loudly !
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them
Many Jews were in the Red Army so many wanted the opportunity to rape and murder whites under the guise of war .
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !
"Those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen ."
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .
They probably slowly remove discipline do whatever they can to make the schools worse and worse .
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...
"They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves ."
"A Kosher slaughter , blessed by every Rabbi under the sun ."
"God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim ."
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .
"We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''"
I am a white female and I am proud of my race. and dating a black would be disgusting
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .
"Its simple , they want to create white guilt , ."
I would just like to express how sick and tired I am of bi-racial half-breeds kids at school boasting about their `` unique heritages '' .
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .
"Fags are a big problem , they are recruiting our kids , in the schools that we pay for ."
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .
Their nonwhite societies are failing in every area and yet they are trying to force White civilization to accept their backward nonwhite culture .
I would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .
"At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas"
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .
Negros are so dumb .
"You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil ."
Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood .
"The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria ."
"The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly ."
"We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball ."
"The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans ."
Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet .
"God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes ."
"God bless them all , to hell with the blacks ."
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .
"thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers !"
hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass .....
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !
"These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent ."
So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ?
"Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes ."
another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here
I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508
So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy .
"I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported ."
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors
"Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in ."
Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us .
"Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ?"
not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people .
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !
"one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites"
"Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies ."
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .
"^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians ."
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .
The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear .
"Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ?"
what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland .
Regurgitation of good info is better than ingestion of jewish-disinformation .
"Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide ."
Maybe God was punishing them for their interracial marriage .
"I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy"
I think the UK is more of a lost cause than the US. london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
Another black is now trying to convince me that black slaves were force-fed animal lard through huge tubes and had their hands and feet cut off so they could work in the cotton fields without running away
"Let black people to join the result of `` diversity '' , is a glass of milk , for example , put a drop of ink in , before you put sugar , spices , put ice in all can drink , milk was completely dark to put ink become useless junk ."
They preach diversity at their professor jobs and government jobs and it makes those White Liberal Neighborhoods and gated communities TOO white and in need of some `` Black flavor '' at home the joy of diversity right in their White daughter 's bedroom !
"Good luck with your bugchasing , homo . . ."
"When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass ."
"Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy ."
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .
"Would black people rather take one million dollars to move themselves and their immediate family back to the motherland , or stay here in America and blame whites for their poverty and crime ?"
"For all of liberals ' ranting about tribalism , they behave in a very tribal manner themselves ."
"Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe ."
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .
"Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) ."
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .
"I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there ."
"Two days ago I tapped out a half asian , half White mongrel who was bigger than me ."
"hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children ."
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .
"I refused to swerve my truck away , they scattered like a troop of baboons being charged by a lion ."
"When she goes outside , the subhuman ape thing is usually out there ."
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .
"My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her ."
"It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child ."
Yet my daughter still wants to go outside and play with that thing .
"Education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - Jews , non-whites and liberal women run and ruin everything ."
"Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area ."
Like I said before I 'd bet 90 % + have Liberal parents .
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes
"Yeah, but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks ."
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
Why would I want to contribute to the Kneegrow and spic 's wellbeing ?
"Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them ."
"Do n't come down too hard and alienate him , just keep a light hearted attitude and let him know that you find his actions disgusting ."
"There is only about 10 black kids in our school and 300 f' n spics. its my senior year and i really cant stand all this anymore. i know there are lots of others on this board that feel the same , but i need some support !"
"I find it funny that blacks find their own women disgusting , but i find it even more disgusting that because of this they go after white women , and are usually successful , its good to see a white girl tell one off ."
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .
"Looking at your guys situation makes me realise how lucky I am that my high school is 100 % white however even in my remote countryside community there are more and more black 's moving into the area , and their kids ."
HIV will do its job. the fags keep searching for a cure but they will never find one because it keeps on changing and mutating. already 60 percent of faggot apes have AIDS and it continues to grow .
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .
"Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area ."
"It's a good to add a hint of truth in your essay 's but maybe you have it better off then I did at high school , every teacher I had was very liberal and anti-racist , and could barely accept the truth ."
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !
We can turn the cold useless parts of Canada into a dumping ground for Jews and arm the Indians to keep them in line .
"I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !"
"The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants ."
As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth .
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .
"well, the liberals would go ape crazy ."
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .
I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work .
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :
How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ?
We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive .
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .
"Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing ."
"Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then ."
"As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape ."
The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends .
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .
I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids .
An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others .
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .
"Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble ."
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .
"Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves ."
I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .
"Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ?"
Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack .
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )
"Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites ."
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .
when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen .
"Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root ."
"Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house ."
it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport
You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather .
"The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......"
I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are .
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com
"A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !"
"Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman ."
"There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa ."
"You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children ."
The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema .
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke
"Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home ."
"Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school ."
"Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there ."
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .
I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl .
"Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s ."
"I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere ."
I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com
There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .
"When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us ."
All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .
The same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
They receive housing and welfare at the taxpayer 's expense while breeding like cockroaches .
You AREN' T White :
"It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !"
Their resistance to immigration is precisely because they have been exposed to you non-White vermin and your effect on their nations .
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1020784/ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t102 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t100 ... ghlight = sweden God save them .....
Laugh it up ape cause without yt to protect your race Asians will probably do the world a favour and wipe your kind from the face of the Earth .
"Racism is as old as time itself , and no one ever admired a groid for anything other than cheap dumb labour ."
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !
They wo n't rest till they have wiped us off the face of the earth
It should come as no surprise that the Jews start embracing the degeneracy that they promote ; what goes around comes around .
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .
The have no concept of honour or of having respect for the feelings of others .
I went back a cpl years ago and the black vermin were everywhere .
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
And it stunk like refer and black sweat .
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .
"I know I keep hoping I wake up one day and this multiracial hell Canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens ."
We have such a huge Asian problem .
"Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap ."
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .
WTF is wrong with u allowing your children to have non white friends ?
I was escorted from the camp/jail by 2 polish policeman as denying/questioning the hoax-acuast is illegal .
"It is also a breeding ground for Dieversity , and Libturd Indoctronation ."
I'm glad you pointed this out that anti-Bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
"seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job ."
"That negro 's place is in Africa , and the teacher did n't send him there ."
"Let the Apes use their long arms to throw their monkey punches , and let us Whites use wrestling takedowns and submissions ."
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .
"Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother ."
In these dark days of jewish/Marxist/mafia dominated materialistic societies where everyone and anyone is only a bank note to be traded .
"If the International Drug Cartels are causing so much DEATH and DESTRUCTION in Mexico , then why allow them to just walk across our Border ?"
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .
"`Interesting' to see someone of the same radio outfit to praise this figure , while there was an amazing show dedicated to uncovering the facts regarding this anti-German filth ."
I 'm beginning to wonder with all your posts defending the greatest race-traitor and puppet-of-Jewry that Great Britain has ever produced .
"I think if there are cases of infected people in your area , then yeah Id take them out of school ."
The lesbian student will probably find a jew lawyer and sue for violating her civil rights.That 's a common jew tactic .
Only they do and all their brainwash followers .
How can the Jews be the same as God 's people when they are tring to kill them ?
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .
I 've gone to public school all my life and have been force fed this crap since 7th grade !!
Therefore they had to practice slavery before all other races .
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''
"And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal ."
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute
I can only pray this babboon mongoloid did n't have any children so his seed will not continue on on this Earth .
Trudeau is the white Obama as he does n't care about the people of Canada but all the third world crap he 's allowing into Canada
Why White people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until I saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
